How dare you listen to him
Madam is also worried that you care about me
Ask about my assistant
What does it matter to care about me?
You got it.
Madam has always hoped that you can be with Miss Gu
Afraid that you will be fascinated by the women outside
Humph
He doesn't worry about my registered wife.
Worried about my little assistant
Madam knows
You registered for marriage to deal with old ladies
Private sleeping is different
He is young and beautiful
Your personal assistant again
But here's the thing.
He's only been with you for a few days and you're getting a divorce
No matter what my reason is
As long as the marriage contract is broken
Even if it exists in name only
I can't be lucky for 10,000 years
Go back and tell you
If he moved my wife
I will make him regret it for the rest of his life
Mr. Zhang, I didn't let you leave the soldier
It is the greatest kindness I can offer
Aren't you all worried about our little brother?
Then I'm here, not you?